add_custom_vcf_to_database
                        Adds a custom vcf file to the three existing
                        cancer cell line panels
add_missing_cls         add_missing_cls
calculate_p_and_q_values
                        calculate_p_and_q_values
calculate_similarity_results
                        calculate_similarity_results
create_bed_file         create_bed_file
filter_for_weights      filter_for_weights
identify_vcf_file       identify_VCF_file
init_and_load_identification
                        init_and_load_identification
initiate_canonical_databases
                        initiate_canonical_databases
initiate_db_and_load_data
                        initiate_db_and_load_data
parse_ccle_genotype_data
                        parse_ccle_genotype_data
parse_cosmic_genotype_data
                        parse_cosmic_genotype_data
parse_vcf_file          parse_vcf_file
re_calculate_cl_weights
                        Re-calculate sim_list_weights
remove_custom_vcf_from_database
                        Removes a cancer cell line training fingerprint
                        (vcf file) from the database. The names of all
                        training sets can be seen by using the function
                        'show_contained_cls'.
show_contained_cls      show_contained_cls
show_contained_mutations
                        show_contained_mutations
show_contained_mutations_for_cl
                        show_contained_mutations_for_cl
show_which_cls_contain_mutation
                        show_which_cls_contain_mutation
split_add               split_add
split_add_parallel      split_add_parallel
write_data_to_db        write_data_to_db
